created by 10 studios taking four years
Assassin's Creed unity is the most
innovative leap forward for next-gen
gaming this video covers all the major
features and technological advancements
in Assassin's Creed unity from the
crowds of 5,000 people in the streets of
Paris to the deep customization of your
master assassin to the debut of four
player co-op welcome to the revolution
save aboard for yourself the new
next-gen anvil angel there's the city of
Paris to life built to near one-to-one
scale with meticulous detail this
beautiful city is by far the largest in
series history historically accurate
designs and fully detailed interiors
make you feel like a really there new
dynamic range lighting illuminates
environments with astonishing realism
while next-gen reflection mapping shines
of the wet cobblestones seven diverse
districts each have their own moon
architecture and citizens from the toxic
industrial factories to the science labs
and libraries of the Latin Quarter out
on the streets crowds of over 5,000
characters on screen are all alive in
their own way and intelligently react to
you and their surroundings
the epic scale detail and life built
into the great city of Paris make a
perfect playground for a revolution
let's tell the Royals than our families
must eat too you play as a no Dorian the
deadliest assassin yet with a power of
next-gen engineering we've overhauled
gear combat stealth and parkour to give
you unprecedented control you can craft
honor in your own personal Master
Assassin Taylor every element of his
gear and skills to suit your play style
the phantom blade a modest little update
from the traditional assassin's blade
no two assassins will be the same your
choices will affect every aspect of
battle and your progress in a complete
single-player campaign will carry over
into your co-op missions touche a
reinvented fighting system provides more
nuanced combat against the smartest
enemies yet put your abilities to the
test as you will need to parry dodge and
attack with greater skill timing and
flow to execute the perfect kills
enhance stealth gameplay featuring a
brand-new active cover system provide
you with new stork kill and disappear
strategies beware guards are now smarter
too with their own line of sight they'll
even split up and interrogate citizens
as they search around for your last
known location to better navigate the
massive and intricate buildings we've
also added greater speed and variety to
your parkour abilities full motion
control makes it faster and more fluid
than ever to select different parkour
paths on the floppy for the first time
in the franchise you can jump seamlessly
into two to four player co-op at any
time certainly shins are too much for
any one assassin today gonna learn in
those instances many prefer to work with
the same team consistently each player
can play a unique role in the team there
are no rigid classes but each player can
move there play preferences around
preset frameworks such as stealth nail a
ranged or health a well-balanced team is
most effective in combat you and your
friends will play a huge role in pivotal
moments of the French Revolution
sabotage and execution protect an
emperor assassinate an enemy agent join
up with fellow assassins to pull off the
perfect heist and infiltrate an enemy
stronghold to rout priceless relics
victory won't be easy you and your
lethal van must rely on communication
coordination and diapers skills to
accomplish your missions and then vanish
into the shadows new team based special
skills can be shared by one player
across the whole team communal sense
shares eagle vision of the ability to
highlight enemies and objectives in the
crowded streets the disguised skill lets
players mask their appearance group
healing shares health regeneration and
the assassin cash creates storage 14
shared bombs and Amal combine these
skills to succeed on the most
challenging mission Napoleon certainly
don't look like a blood-crazed
revolutionary the next gen anpil engines
character design and motion capture have
enabled deeper storytelling and emotion
than ever before so we've lost him again
maybe not let's keep looking there is
unparalleled accuracy down to the finest
detail of hair skin expressions and
mannerisms allowing to feel and
empathize with our aspirations and
struggles encounter famous figures like
Napoleon King Louie and the eccentric
marquis de sade in spiracy intrigue the
rapidly thickening plot at some
bestiality and Electress priest and I
see you have the beginnings of a
beautiful novel I'd settle for a solid
lead last but not least is the all-new
time anomaly during the campaign are
know we'll have to jump through an
unstable time anomaly which will
transport him to a new
in Paris climb the eiffel tower and man
machine guns to take down warplanes all
during the height of the German
occupation of France during World War
two
let's go we pushed your new hardware to
the absolute limit to bring you and your
friends the next-gen experience you've
been waiting for so jump into the
stunningly lifelike creation of the
brutal French Revolution craft are no
into your own personal Master Assassin
in either the breathtaking single-player
campaign or in the all new scenes co-op
take control of your combat a movement
like never before and join us in making
history make history Assassin's Creed
unity pre-order now for the explosive
chemical revolution mission get a season
pass safe thirty percent on eight hours
of new content includes a new campaign
more missions and weapons and a new
downloadable game pre-order now
available November 11th